hello and welcome to soda tasting an
online show dedicated to soda reviews
and appreciation
I'm Patrick O'Keefe on this episode I'm
going to be reviewing Limca which is a
lemon-lime soda from India that's
produced by the Coca Cola Company and in
my review of thumbs up which was
published recently I not link to it in
the description I talked about Coca
Cola's efforts to conduct business in
India and part of that stories that they
left the country due to unfavorable
regulations and they came back and they
bought a large beverage company within
the country called parle and as part of
that they acquired the thumbs up brand
and they also acquired the link of brand
this was introduced in 1977 and of
course like I said introduced by parle
acquired later in the 90s by Coca Cola
Limca interestingly now publishes the
Limca Book of Records at Limca Book of
Records I am which is a Guinness Book of
World Records style publication that
highlights achievements of people from
India this bottle is 330 milliliters or
11.1 6 ounces the nutritional contents I
quote you will be based on 12 ounces
though so please keep that in mind you
have 155 calories you have zero
milligrams of sodium
you have 39 grams toe carbohydrates 39
of which are sugar it is caffeine free
and it is sweetened by sugar ingredient
wise you have carbonated water sugar
citric acid it says citric acid but it's
I believe it's a typo citric acid sodium
citrate
acacia or gum arabic mono and
diglycerides of fatty acid that's an
interesting one and sodium benzoate um
you know this ball is pretty cool
you know has a pretty cool shape to it
and there's the the Limca logo there um
yeah let's give this a taste I bought
this at around the world market in
Durham North Carolina very cool very
cool
all right okay um very faint very clean
citrusy smell like I said not a whole
lot they're just very very minor almost
like what you might get out of a
lemon-scented or a lime scented or a
citrus scented cleanser cool so let's go
to taste I've never had them come before
and it is a very mild very light lime a
hinted soda I mean it the flavor is not
overpowering it's very it's very minor
um but it's a nice kind of crisp flavor
I would call it um kind of unique I
think if you're looking for a very
lightly flavored longish soda definitely
give it a try seek this out see if you
like it be personally I wish the flavor
was a little more there a little
stronger then we're bite a little more
tart but again it's it's a pleasant lime
flavor so I'm gonna put it at two point
five out of five
have you had Lemcke if so let me know in
the comments I love to hear your
thoughts
if you're on Facebook like us at
facebook.com slash soda tasting thank
you for watching and as always
everything in moderation